# MethodExecutor

Generate user interface automatically in dotnet dll. 

it use C# reflection and xml info of dll to create a userface, which is used for listing, querying and call method directly(now only support public static method).

# How to use

1. Write you project, add some classes with some static method, add xml note info in the method which you'd like to expose.
   In the src, "MethodProvider" is a sample example.

2. In VS, open properites of the project, "Build"=>"XML documentation file", enable it.

3. Add project "MethodExecutor" into the whole project, add reference of your own project(Here is "MethodProvider"), add your assembly and your classes, Here is "MethodProvider" and "IOHelper"(support multi-classes splited by ";")

4. Build MethodExecutor, then you can use like:
   
   1) print "MethodExecutor" directly, will list all methods:

    -----------------------------------------------
    
    IOHelper.CompareBinary
    
        Compare two file as binary mode.
        
    IOHelper.CopyDirectory
    
        Copy directory.
        
    IOHelper.Diff2FileInfo
    
        Compare two txt files, and output compare result file.
        
    IOHelper.EnsureFoldersExist
    
        Ensure directory exist for certain file path, this is,
        
            If the directory does not exist, create it.
            
    IOHelper.GenFileList
    
        Generate file list for one folder.
        
    -----------------------------------------------
    

   2) print 'MethodExecutor -h IOHelper.CompareBinary", will show detail info of method:
   
    IOHelper.CompareBinary
    
    Summary:
    
            Compare two file as binary mode.
            
    Param Names:
    
            leftFile        Path of left file to compare.
            
            rightFile       Path of right file to compare.
            
    Returns:
    
            True if equal, otherwise false.
            
    Boolean CompareBinary(System.String leftFile, System.String rightFile)
    
    -----------------------------------------------
    
    3) print "MethodExecutor IOHelper.CompareBinary a.txt b.txt" will execute it, like:
    
    False
    

     Ok, here it is, it's used for people who don't like writing command parses, all info generated by code file.


